app/vmctl: Increase http request timeout made by remote read client, add importing tips (#3879)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmctl/README.md

2022/10/19 16:45:37 Total time: 1m19.406283424s
```

> Importing tips:
> 
> 1. Migrating big volumes of data may result in reaching the timeout by remote read client.
> Please verify that `--remote-read-http-timeout` were set with correct timeout. By default, that value set to 5 minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating big volumes of data may result in remote read client reaching the timeout.
Consider increasing the value of `--remote-read-http-timeout` (default `5m`) command-line flag when seeing
timeouts or `context canceled` errors.
```
